@abstr_image 

@abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

Manim is an animation engine for explanatory math videos. It's used to create precise animations programmatically, as seen in the videos at @abstr_hyperlink .

## Installation

Manim runs on python @abstr_number . @abstr_number . You can install it from PyPI via pip

@abstr_code_section 

System requirements are @abstr_hyperlink , @abstr_hyperlink , @abstr_hyperlink , @abstr_hyperlink (optional, if you want to use LaTeX).

You can now use it via the `manim` command. For example:

@abstr_code_section 

For more options, take a look at the “Using manim“ sections further below.

### Directly

If you want to hack on manimlib itself, clone this repository and in that directory execute:

@abstr_code_section 

### Directly (Windows)

@abstr_number . @abstr_hyperlink . @abstr_number . Install Cairo. Download the wheel from https://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#pycairo. For most users, `pycairo‑ @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number ‑cp @abstr_number ‑cp @abstr_number m‑win @abstr_number .whl` will do fine. @abstr_code_section @abstr_number . Install a LaTeX distribution. @abstr_hyperlink is recommended.

@abstr_number . @abstr_hyperlink .

@abstr_number . Install the remaining Python packages. Make sure that `pycairo== @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number` is changed to `pycairo== @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number` in requirements.txt. @abstr_code_section 

## Anaconda Install

  * Install sox and latex as above. 
  * Create a conda environment using `conda env create -f environment.yml`
  * **WINDOWS ONLY** Install `pyreadline` via `pip install pyreadline`. 



### Using `virtualenv` and `virtualenvwrapper`

After installing `virtualenv` and `virtualenvwrapper` @abstr_code_section 

### Using Docker

Since it's a bit tricky to get all the dependencies set up just right, there is a Dockerfile and Compose file provided in this repo as well as @abstr_hyperlink . The Dockerfile contains instructions on how to build a manim image, while the Compose file contains instructions on how to run the image.

The prebuilt container image has manin repository included. `INPUT_PATH` is where the container looks for scene files. You must set the `INPUT_PATH` environment variable to the absolute path containing your scene file and the `OUTPUT_PATH` environment variable to the directory where you want media to be written.

@abstr_number . @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_number . @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_number . Render an animation @abstr_code_section The command needs to be run as root if your username is not in the docker group.

You can replace `example.scenes.py` with any relative path from your `INPUT_PATH`.

@abstr_image 

After running the output will say files ready at `/tmp/output/`, which refers to path inside the container. Your OUTPUT_PATH is bind mounted to this `/tmp/output` so any changes made by the container to `/tmp/output` will be mirrored on your OUTPUT_PATH. `/media/` will be created in `OUTPUT_PATH`.

`-p` won't work as manim would look for video player in the container system, which it does not have.

The first time you execute the above command, Docker will pull the image from Docker Hub and cache it. Any subsequent runs until the image is evicted will use the cached image. Note that the image doesn't have any development tools installed and can't preview animations. Its purpose is building and testing only.

## Using manim

Try running the following: @abstr_code_section The `-p` flag in the command above is for previewing, meaning the video file will automatically open when it is done rendering. The `-l` flag is for a faster rendering at a lower quality.

Some other useful flags include:

  * `-s` to skip to the end and just show the final frame.
  * `-n <number>` to skip ahead to the `n`'th animation of a scene.
  * `-f` to show the file in finder (for OSX).



Set `MEDIA_DIR` environment variable to specify where the image and animation files will be written.

Look through the `old_projects` folder to see the code for previous @abstr_number b @abstr_number b videos. Note, however, that developments are often made to the library without considering backwards compatibility with those old projects. To run an old project with a guarantee that it will work, you will have to go back to the commit which completed that project.

While developing a scene, the `-sp` flags are helpful to just see what things look like at the end without having to generate the full animation. It can also be helpful to use the `-n` flag to skip over some number of animations.

### Documentation

Documentation is in progress at @abstr_hyperlink .

### Walkthrough

Todd Zimmerman put together a @abstr_hyperlink on getting started with manim, which has been updated to run on python @abstr_number . @abstr_number .

### Live Streaming

To live stream your animations, simply run manim with the `--livestream` option.

@abstr_code_section 

It is also possible to stream directly to Twitch. To do that simply pass \--livestream and --to-twitch to manim and specify the stream key with \--with-key. Then when you follow the above example the stream will directly start on your Twitch channel (with no audio support).

## Contributing

Is always welcome. In particular, there is a dire need for tests and documentation.

## License

All files in the directories active_projects and old_projects, which by and large generate the visuals for @abstr_number b @abstr_number b videos, are copyright @abstr_number Blue @abstr_number Brown.

The general purpose animation code found in the remainder of the repository, on the other hand, is under the MIT license.
