@abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

@abstr_image 

**Sourcery** is a code generator for Swift language, built on top of Apple's own SourceKit. It extends the language abstractions to allow you to generate boilerplate code automatically.

It's used in over @abstr_number , @abstr_number projects on both iOS and macOS and it powers some of the most popular and critically-acclaimed apps you have used. Its massive community adoption was one of the factors that pushed Apple to implement derived Equality and automatic Codable conformance. Sourcery is maintained by a growing community of @abstr_hyperlink .

Try **Sourcery** for your next project or add it to an existing one -- you'll save a lot of time and be happy you did!

## TL;DR

Sourcery allows you to get rid of repetitive tasks. An example might be implementing `Equatable`, without Sourcery you need to implement stuff like this:

@abstr_code_section 

This is trivial code but imagine doing this across ten types. Across fifty. How many structs and classes are in your project? 

Sourcery removes the need to write this code. And if you refactor or add properties, the equality code will be automatically updated for you, eliminating possible human errors. 

Sourcery automation can be applied to many more domains, e.g.

  * Equality & Hashing
  * Enum cases & Counts
  * Lenses
  * Mocks & Stubs
  * LinuxMain
  * Decorators
  * JSON coding
  * NSCoding and Codable



It's trivial to write new templates to remove boilerplate that is specific to your projects.

## How To Get Started

There are plenty of tutorials for different uses of Sourcery, and you can always ask for help in our @abstr_hyperlink .

  * @abstr_hyperlink is a great starting tutorial
  * @abstr_hyperlink deals with JSON handling code
  * @abstr_hyperlink generates conversions to dictionaries
  * @abstr_hyperlink implements Codable support for Enumerations
  * @abstr_hyperlink builds API client leveraging Sourcery annotations
  * @abstr_hyperlink is a video from CocoaHeads where Krzysztof introduces Sourcery



## Installation

  * _Binary form_

Download the latest release with the prebuilt binary from @abstr_hyperlink . Unzip the archive into the desired destination and run `bin/sourcery`

  * _ @abstr_hyperlink _

`brew install sourcery`

  * _ @abstr_hyperlink _

Add `pod 'Sourcery'` to your `Podfile` and run `pod update Sourcery`. This will download the latest release binary and will put it in your project's CocoaPods path so you will run it with `$PODS_ROOT/Sourcery/bin/sourcery`

  * _ @abstr_hyperlink _

Run `mint run krzysztofzablocki/Sourcery`. 

  * _Building from source_

Download the latest release source code from @abstr_hyperlink or clone the repository and build Sourcery manually.

    * _Building with Swift Package Manager_

Run `swift build -c release` in the root folder. This will create a `.build/release` folder and will put the binary there. Move the **whole`.build/release` folder** to your desired destination and run with `path_to_release_folder/sourcery`

> Note: JS templates are not supported when building with SPM yet.

    * _Building with Xcode_

Open `Sourcery.xcworkspace` and build with `Sourcery-Release` scheme. This will create `Sourcery.app` in the Derived Data folder. You can copy it to your desired destination and run with `path_to_sourcery_app/Sourcery.app/Contents/MacOS/Sourcery`




## Documentation

Full documentation for the latest release is available @abstr_hyperlink .

## Usage

Sourcery is a command line tool; you can either run it manually or in a custom build phase using the following command:

@abstr_code_section 

> Note: this command differs depending on how you installed Sourcery (see Installing)

### Command line options

  * `--sources` \- Path to a source swift files or directories. You can provide multiple paths using multiple `--sources` option.
  * `--templates` \- Path to templates. File or Directory. You can provide multiple paths using multiple `--templates` options.
  * `--force-parse` \- File extensions of Sourcery generated file you want to parse. You can provide multiple extension using multiple `--force-parse` options. (i.e. `file.toparse.swift` will be parsed even if generated by Sourcery if `--force-parse toparse`). Useful when trying to implement a multiple phases generation.
  * `--output` [default: current path] - Path to output. File or Directory.
  * `--config` [default: current path] - Path to config file. File or Directory. See Configuration file.
  * `--args` \- Additional arguments to pass to templates. Each argument can have an explicit value or will have implicit `true` value. Arguments should be separated with `,` without spaces (i.e. `--args arg @abstr_number =value,arg @abstr_number`). Arguments are accessible in templates via `argument.name`
  * `--watch` [default: false] - Watch both code and template folders for changes and regenerate automatically.
  * `--verbose` [default: false] - Turn on verbose logging
  * `--quiet` [default: false] - Turn off any logging, only emit errors
  * `--disableCache` [default: false] - Turn off caching of parsed data
  * `--prune` [default: false] - Prune empty generated files
  * `--version` \- Display the current version of Sourcery
  * `--help` \- Display help information



### Configuration file

Instead of CLI arguments you can use a `.sourcery.yml` configuration file:

@abstr_code_section 

Read more about this configuration file @abstr_hyperlink .

## Contributing

Contributions to Sourcery are welcomed and encouraged!

It is easy to get involved. Please see the Contributing guide for more details.

@abstr_hyperlink .

To clarify what is expected of our community, Sourcery has adopted the code of conduct defined by the Contributor Covenant. This document is used across many open source communities, and articulates my values well. For more, see the Code of Conduct.

## License

Sourcery is available under the MIT license. See LICENSE for more information.

## Attributions

This tool is powered by

  * @abstr_hyperlink by @abstr_hyperlink 
  * @abstr_hyperlink and few other libs by @abstr_hyperlink 



Thank you! to:

  * @abstr_hyperlink for creating the logo.
  * @abstr_hyperlink team, because we use their codebase as a stub data for performance testing the parser.
  * @abstr_hyperlink for showing me his setup scripts for CLI tools which are powering our rakefile.



## Other Libraries / Tools

If you want to generate code for asset related data like .xib, .storyboards etc. use @abstr_hyperlink . SwiftGen and Sourcery are complementary tools.

Make sure to check my other libraries and tools, especially: \- @abstr_hyperlink - Powerful playgrounds for Swift and Objective-C \- @abstr_hyperlink - Daemon for observing local and remote file changes, used for building other developer tools (Sourcery uses it)

You can @abstr_hyperlink for news/updates about other projects I am creating.
