@abstr_image 

# pybind @abstr_number — Seamless operability between C++ @abstr_number and Python

@abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

_*pybind @abstr_number *_ is a lightweight header-only library that exposes C++ types in Python and vice versa, mainly to create Python bindings of existing C++ code. Its goals and syntax are similar to the excellent @abstr_hyperlink library by David Abrahams: to minimize boilerplate code in traditional extension modules by inferring type information using compile-time introspection.

The main issue with Boost.Python—and the reason for creating such a similar project—is Boost. Boost is an enormously large and complex suite of utility libraries that works with almost every C++ compiler in existence. This compatibility has its cost: arcane template tricks and workarounds are necessary to support the oldest and buggiest of compiler specimens. Now that C++ @abstr_number -compatible compilers are widely available, this heavy machinery has become an excessively large and unnecessary dependency.

Think of this library as a tiny self-contained version of Boost.Python with everything stripped away that isn't relevant for binding generation. Without comments, the core header files only require ~ @abstr_number K lines of code and depend on Python ( @abstr_number . @abstr_number or @abstr_number .x, or PyPy @abstr_number . @abstr_number >= @abstr_number . @abstr_number ) and the C++ standard library. This compact implementation was possible thanks to some of the new C++ @abstr_number language features (specifically: tuples, lambda functions and variadic templates). Since its creation, this library has grown beyond Boost.Python in many ways, leading to dramatically simpler binding code in many common situations.

Tutorial and reference documentation is provided at @abstr_hyperlink . A PDF version of the manual is available @abstr_hyperlink .

## Core features

pybind @abstr_number can map the following core C++ features to Python

  * Functions accepting and returning custom data structures per value, reference, or pointer
  * Instance methods and static methods
  * Overloaded functions
  * Instance attributes and static attributes
  * Arbitrary exception types
  * Enumerations
  * Callbacks
  * Iterators and ranges
  * Custom operators
  * Single and multiple inheritance
  * STL data structures
  * Smart pointers with reference counting like `std::shared_ptr`
  * Internal references with correct reference counting
  * C++ classes with virtual (and pure virtual) methods can be extended in Python



## Goodies

In addition to the core functionality, pybind @abstr_number provides some extra goodies:

  * Python @abstr_number . @abstr_number , @abstr_number .x, and PyPy (PyPy @abstr_number . @abstr_number >= @abstr_number . @abstr_number ) are supported with an implementation-agnostic interface.

  * It is possible to bind C++ @abstr_number lambda functions with captured variables. The lambda capture data is stored inside the resulting Python function object.

  * pybind @abstr_number uses C++ @abstr_number move constructors and move assignment operators whenever possible to efficiently transfer custom data types.

  * It's easy to expose the internal storage of custom data types through Pythons' buffer protocols. This is handy e.g. for fast conversion between C++ matrix classes like Eigen and NumPy without expensive copy operations.

  * pybind @abstr_number can automatically vectorize functions so that they are transparently applied to all entries of one or more NumPy array arguments.

  * Python's slice-based access and assignment operations can be supported with just a few lines of code.

  * Everything is contained in just a few header files; there is no need to link against any additional libraries.

  * Binaries are generally smaller by a factor of at least @abstr_number compared to equivalent bindings generated by Boost.Python. A recent pybind @abstr_number conversion of PyRosetta, an enormous Boost.Python binding project, @abstr_hyperlink a binary size reduction of _* @abstr_number . @abstr_number x_ * and compile time reduction by _* @abstr_number . @abstr_number x_ *.

  * Function signatures are precomputed at compile time (using `constexpr`), leading to smaller binaries.

  * With little extra effort, C++ types can be pickled and unpickled similar to regular Python objects.




## Supported compilers

@abstr_number . Clang/LLVM @abstr_number . @abstr_number or newer (for Apple Xcode's clang, this is @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number or newer) @abstr_number . GCC @abstr_number . @abstr_number or newer @abstr_number . Microsoft Visual Studio @abstr_number Update @abstr_number or newer @abstr_number . Intel C++ compiler @abstr_number or newer ( @abstr_number with pybind @abstr_number v @abstr_number . @abstr_number and @abstr_number with pybind @abstr_number v @abstr_number . @abstr_number and a @abstr_hyperlink ) @abstr_number . Cygwin/GCC (tested on @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number )

## About

This project was created by @abstr_hyperlink . Significant features and/or improvements to the code were contributed by Jonas Adler, Lori A. Burns, Sylvain Corlay, Trent Houliston, Axel Huebl, @hulucc, Sergey Lyskov Johan Mabille, Tomasz Miąsko, Dean Moldovan, Ben Pritchard, Jason Rhinelander, Boris Schäling, Pim Schellart, Henry Schreiner, Ivan Smirnov, and Patrick Stewart.

### License

pybind @abstr_number is provided under a BSD-style license that can be found in the `LICENSE` file. By using, distributing, or contributing to this project, you agree to the terms and conditions of this license.
