@abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

中文版本请参看这里

MMKV is an **efficient** , **small** , **easy-to-use** mobile key-value storage framework used in the WeChat application. It's currently available on **iOS** , **macOS** , **Android** and **Windows**.

# MMKV for iOS/macOS

## Features

  * **Efficient**. MMKV uses mmap to keep memory synced with file, and protobuf to encode/decode values, making the most of iOS/macOS to achieve best performance.

  * **Easy-to-use**. You can use MMKV as you go, no configurations needed. All changes are saved immediately, no `synchronize` calls needed.

  * **Small**.

    * **A handful of files** : MMKV contains encode/decode helpers and mmap logics and nothing more. It's really tidy.
    * **Less than @abstr_number K in binary size** : MMKV adds less than @abstr_number K per architecture on App size, and much less when zipped (ipa).



## Getting Started

### Installation Via CocoaPods:

@abstr_number . Install @abstr_hyperlink ; @abstr_number . Open terminal, `cd` to your project directory, run `pod repo update` to make CocoaPods aware of the latest available MMKV versions; @abstr_number . Edit your Podfile, add `pod 'MMKV'` to your app target; @abstr_number . Run `pod install`; @abstr_number . Open the `.xcworkspace` file generated by CocoaPods; @abstr_number . Add `#import <MMKV/MMKV.h>` to your source file and we are done.

For other installation options, see @abstr_hyperlink .

### Quick Tutorial

You can use MMKV as you go, no configurations needed. All changes are saved immediately, no `synchronize` calls needed.

@abstr_code_section 

Full tutorials can be found @abstr_hyperlink .

## Performance

Writing random `int` for @abstr_number times, we get this chart:   
@abstr_image   
For more benchmark data, please refer to @abstr_hyperlink .

# MMKV for Android

## Features

  * **Efficient**. MMKV uses mmap to keep memory synced with file, and protobuf to encode/decode values, making the most of Android to achieve best performance.

    * **Multi-Process concurrency** : MMKV supports concurrent read-read and read-write access between processes.
  * **Easy-to-use**. You can use MMKV as you go. All changes are saved immediately, no `sync`, no `apply` calls needed.

  * **Small**.

    * **A handful of files** : MMKV contains process locks, encode/decode helpers and mmap logics and nothing more. It's really tidy.
    * **About @abstr_number K in binary size** : MMKV adds about @abstr_number K per architecture on App size, and much less when zipped (apk).



## Getting Started

### Installation Via Maven

Add the following lines to `build.gradle` on your app module:

@abstr_code_section 

For other installation options, see @abstr_hyperlink .

### Quick Tutorial

You can use MMKV as you go. All changes are saved immediately, no `sync`, no `apply` calls needed.   
Setup MMKV on App startup, say your `MainActivity`, add these lines:

```Java protected void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) { super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);
    
    
    String rootDir = MMKV.initialize(this);
    System.out.println("mmkv root: " + rootDir);
    //……
    

} @abstr_code_section Java import com.tencent.mmkv.MMKV;

MMKV kv = MMKV.defaultMMKV();

kv.encode("bool", true); boolean bValue = kv.decodeBool("bool");

kv.encode("int", Integer.MIN_VALUE); int iValue = kv.decodeInt("int");

kv.encode("string", "Hello from mmkv"); String str = kv.decodeString("string"); @abstr_code_section git clone https://github.com/Tencent/MMKV.git @abstr_code_section C++

# include 

int main() { std::wstring rootDir = getYourAppDocumentDir(); MMKV::initializeMMKV(rootDir); //... } @abstr_code_section C++ auto mmkv = MMKV::defaultMMKV();

mmkv->set(true, "bool"); std::cout << "bool = " << mmkv->getBool("bool") << std::endl;

mmkv->set( @abstr_number , "int @abstr_number "); std::cout << "int @abstr_number = " << mmkv->getInt @abstr_number ("int @abstr_number ") << std::endl;

mmkv->set("Hello, MMKV for Win @abstr_number ", "string"); std::string result; mmkv->getString("string", result); std::cout << "string = " << result << std::endl; ```

MMKV also supports **Multi-Process Access**. Full tutorials can be found here @abstr_hyperlink .

## License

MMKV is published under the BSD @abstr_number -Clause license. For details check out the LICENSE.TXT.

## Change Log

Check out the CHANGELOG.md for details of change history.

## Contributing

If you are interested in contributing, check out the CONTRIBUTING.md, also join our @abstr_hyperlink .

To give clarity of what is expected of our members, MMKV has adopted the code of conduct defined by the Contributor Covenant, which is widely used. And we think it articulates our values well. For more, check out the Code of Conduct.

## FAQ & Feedback

Check out the @abstr_hyperlink first. Should there be any questions, don't hesitate to create @abstr_hyperlink .
