# Glide

@abstr_hyperlink 

Glide is a fast and efficient open source media management and image loading framework for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.

@abstr_image 

Glide supports fetching, decoding, and displaying video stills, images, and animated GIFs. Glide includes a flexible API that allows developers to plug in to almost any network stack. By default Glide uses a custom `HttpUrlConnection` based stack, but also includes utility libraries plug in to Google's Volley project or Square's OkHttp library instead.

Glide's primary focus is on making scrolling any kind of a list of images as smooth and fast as possible, but Glide is also effective for almost any case where you need to fetch, resize, and display a remote image.

## Download

You can download a jar from GitHub's @abstr_hyperlink .

Or use Gradle:

@abstr_code_section 

Or Maven:

@abstr_code_section 

## Proguard

Depending on your proguard config and usage, you may need to include the following lines in your proguard.cfg:

@abstr_code_section 

## How do I use Glide?

Checkout the @abstr_hyperlink for pages on a variety of topics, and see the @abstr_hyperlink .

Simple use cases will look something like this:

@abstr_code_section 

## OkHttp and Volley

Support for OkHttp and Volley is provided by integration libraries you can optionally include as dependencies. The integration libraries are available via Maven or the @abstr_hyperlink .

For instructions on including either the OkHttp or the Volley integration libraries, see the @abstr_hyperlink wiki page.

## Android SDK Version

Glide requires a minimum SDK version of @abstr_number .

## License

BSD, part MIT and Apache @abstr_number . @abstr_number . See the @abstr_hyperlink file for details.

## Status

@abstr_hyperlink is a stable public release used in multiple open source projects at Google including in the Android Camera app and in the @abstr_number Google IO app. *Version @abstr_number * is currently under development on the `master` branch. Comments/bugs/questions/pull requests welcome!

## Build

Building Glide with gradle is fairly straight forward:

@abstr_code_section 

**Note** : Make sure your _Android SDK_ has the _Android Support Repository_ installed, and that your `$ANDROID_HOME` environment variable is pointing at the SDK or add a `local.properties` file in the root project with a `sdk.dir=...` line.

## Samples

Follow the steps in the Build section to setup the project and then:

@abstr_code_section You may also find precompiled APKs on the @abstr_hyperlink .

## Development

Follow the steps in the Build section to setup the project and then edit the files however you wish. @abstr_hyperlink cleanly imports both Glide's source and tests and is the recommended way to work with Glide.

To open the project in Intellij @abstr_number :

@abstr_number . Go to _File_ menu or the _Welcome Screen_ @abstr_number . Click on _Open..._ @abstr_number . Navigate to Glide's root directory. @abstr_number . Select `build.gradle`

## Getting Help

To report a specific problem or feature request, @abstr_hyperlink . For questions, suggestions, or anything else, join or email @abstr_hyperlink , or join our IRC channel: @abstr_hyperlink .

## Contributing

Before submitting pull requests, contributors must sign Google's @abstr_hyperlink .

## Thanks

  * The **Android team** and **Jake Wharton** for the @abstr_hyperlink Glide's disk cache is based on.
  * **Dave Smith** for the @abstr_hyperlink Glide's gif decoder is based on.
  * **Chris Banes** for his @abstr_hyperlink script.
  * **Corey Hall** for Glide's @abstr_hyperlink .
  * Everyone who has contributed code and reported issues!



## Author

Sam Judd - @samajudd

## Disclaimer

This is not an official Google product.
