## Px-Data-Table @abstr_hyperlink 

@abstr_hyperlink 

## Overview

Px-Data-Table is a Predix UI component that defines a data table, optionally using a sub-element for advanced column settings.

## Usage

### Prerequisites

@abstr_number . node.js @abstr_number . npm @abstr_number . bower @abstr_number . @abstr_hyperlink 

Node, npm and bower are necessary to install the component and dependencies. webcomponents.js adds support for web components and custom elements to your application.

### Getting Started

First, install the component via bower on the command line.

@abstr_code_section 

Second, import the component to your application with the following tag in your head.

@abstr_code_section 

Finally, use the component in your application:

@abstr_code_section 

Integrating with other frameworks (ex: Angular):

You may not be able to use @abstr_number -way binding with the objects/arrays in other frameworks such as Angular.

We suggest instead to use events and selectors, for example:

@abstr_code_section 

You may also want to prevent your data from auto-synching with your model. If so, we've written up a [little explanation] to help you with that.

## Documentation

Read the full API and view the demo @abstr_hyperlink .

## Local Development

From the component's directory...

@abstr_code_section 

From the component's directory, to start a local server run:

@abstr_code_section 

The root of that server (e.g. http://localhost: @abstr_number /) will automatically open in your default browser with the API documentation page and interactive working examples.

`gulp serve` also runs `gulp watch` concurrently so that when you make a change to your source files and save them, your preview will be updated in any browsers you have opened and turned on in LiveReload.

### GE Coding Style Guide

@abstr_hyperlink 

## Known Issues

Please use @abstr_hyperlink to submit any bugs you might find.
