# reveal.js @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

A framework for easily creating beautiful presentations using HTML. @abstr_hyperlink .

reveal.js comes with a broad range of features including @abstr_hyperlink , @abstr_hyperlink , @abstr_hyperlink , @abstr_hyperlink and a @abstr_hyperlink . There's also a fully featured visual editor and platform for sharing reveal.js presentations at @abstr_hyperlink .

## Table of contents

  * Online Editor
  * Instructions 
    * Markup
    * Markdown
    * Element Attributes
    * Slide Attributes
  * Configuration
  * Presentation Size
  * Dependencies
  * Ready Event
  * Auto-sliding
  * Keyboard Bindings
  * Touch Navigation
  * Lazy Loading
  * API 
    * Slide Changed Event
    * Presentation State
    * Slide States
    * Slide Backgrounds
    * Parallax Background
    * Slide Transitions
    * Internal links
    * Fragments
    * Fragment events
    * Code syntax highlighting
    * Slide number
    * Overview mode
    * Fullscreen mode
    * Embedded media
    * Stretching elements
    * postMessage API
  * PDF Export
  * Theming
  * Speaker Notes 
    * Share and Print Speaker Notes
    * Server Side Speaker Notes
  * Multiplexing 
    * Master presentation
    * Client presentation
    * Socket.io server
  * MathJax
  * Installation 
    * Basic setup
    * Full setup
    * Folder Structure
  * License



#### More reading

  * @abstr_hyperlink : Up-to-date version history.
  * @abstr_hyperlink : Presentations created with reveal.js, add your own!
  * @abstr_hyperlink : Explanation of browser support and fallbacks.
  * @abstr_hyperlink : A list of plugins that can be used to extend reveal.js.



## Online Editor

Presentations are written using HTML or Markdown but there's also an online editor for those of you who prefer a graphical interface. Give it a try at @abstr_hyperlink .

## Instructions

### Markup

Here's a barebones example of a fully working reveal.js presentation: @abstr_code_section 

The presentation markup hierarchy needs to be `.reveal > .slides > section` where the `section` represents one slide and can be repeated indefinitely. If you place multiple `section` elements inside of another `section` they will be shown as vertical slides. The first of the vertical slides is the "root" of the others (at the top), and will be included in the horizontal sequence. For example:

@abstr_code_section 

### Markdown

It's possible to write your slides using Markdown. To enable Markdown, add the `data-markdown` attribute to your `<section>` elements and wrap the contents in a `<script type="text/template">` like the example below.

This is based on @abstr_hyperlink from @abstr_hyperlink modified to use @abstr_hyperlink to support @abstr_hyperlink . Sensitive to indentation (avoid mixing tabs and spaces) and line breaks (avoid consecutive breaks).

@abstr_code_section 

#### External Markdown

You can write your content as a separate file and have reveal.js load it at runtime. Note the separator arguments which determine how slides are delimited in the external file. The `data-charset` attribute is optional and specifies which charset to use when loading the external file.

When used locally, this feature requires that reveal.js runs from a local web server.

@abstr_code_section 

#### Element Attributes

Special syntax (in html comment) is available for adding attributes to Markdown elements. This is useful for fragments, amongst other things.

@abstr_code_section 

#### Slide Attributes

Special syntax (in html comment) is available for adding attributes to the slide `<section>` elements generated by your Markdown.

@abstr_code_section 

### Configuration

At the end of your page you need to initialize reveal by running the following code. Note that all config values are optional and will default as specified below.

@abstr_code_section 

The configuration can be updated after initialization using the `configure` method:

@abstr_code_section 

### Presentation Size

All presentations have a normal size, that is the resolution at which they are authored. The framework will automatically scale presentations uniformly based on this size to ensure that everything fits on any given display or viewport.

See below for a list of configuration options related to sizing, including default values:

@abstr_code_section 

### Dependencies

Reveal.js doesn't _rely_ on any third party scripts to work but a few optional libraries are included by default. These libraries are loaded as dependencies in the order they appear, for example:

@abstr_code_section 

You can add your own extensions using the same syntax. The following properties are available for each dependency object: \- **src** : Path to the script to load \- **async** : [optional] Flags if the script should load after reveal.js has started, defaults to false \- **callback** : [optional] Function to execute when the script has loaded \- **condition** : [optional] Function which must return true for the script to be loaded

### Ready Event

A 'ready' event is fired when reveal.js has loaded all non-async dependencies and is ready to start navigating. To check if reveal.js is already 'ready' you can call `Reveal.isReady()`.

@abstr_code_section 

### Auto-sliding

Presentations can be configured to progress through slides automatically, without any user input. To enable this you will need to tell the framework how many milliseconds it should wait between slides:

@abstr_code_section When this is turned on a control element will appear that enables users to pause and resume auto-sliding. Alternatively, sliding can be paused or resumed by pressing »a« on the keyboard. Sliding is paused automatically as soon as the user starts navigating. You can disable these controls by specifying `autoSlideStoppable: false` in your reveal.js config.

You can also override the slide duration for individual slides and fragments by using the `data-autoslide` attribute:

@abstr_code_section 

To override the method used for navigation when auto-sliding, you can specify the `autoSlideMethod` setting. To only navigate along the top layer and ignore vertical slides, set this to `Reveal.navigateRight`.

Whenever the auto-slide mode is resumed or paused the `autoslideresumed` and `autoslidepaused` events are fired.

### Keyboard Bindings

If you're unhappy with any of the default keyboard bindings you can override them using the `keyboard` config option:

@abstr_code_section 

### Touch Navigation

You can swipe to navigate through a presentation on any touch-enabled device. Horizontal swipes change between horizontal slides, vertical swipes change between vertical slides. If you wish to disable this you can set the `touch` config option to false when initializing reveal.js.

If there's some part of your content that needs to remain accessible to touch events you'll need to highlight this by adding a `data-prevent-swipe` attribute to the element. One common example where this is useful is elements that need to be scrolled.

### Lazy Loading

When working on presentation with a lot of media or iframe content it's important to load lazily. Lazy loading means that reveal.js will only load content for the few slides nearest to the current slide. The number of slides that are preloaded is determined by the `viewDistance` configuration option.

To enable lazy loading all you need to do is change your "src" attributes to "data-src" as shown below. This is supported for image, video, audio and iframe elements. Lazy loaded iframes will also unload when the containing slide is no longer visible.

@abstr_code_section 

### API

The `Reveal` object exposes a JavaScript API for controlling navigation and reading state:

@abstr_code_section 

### Slide Changed Event

A 'slidechanged' event is fired each time the slide is changed (regardless of state). The event object holds the index values of the current slide as well as a reference to the previous and current slide HTML nodes.

Some libraries, like MathJax (see @abstr_hyperlink ), get confused by the transforms and display states of slides. Often times, this can be fixed by calling their update or render function from this callback.

@abstr_code_section 

### Presentation State

The presentation's current state can be fetched by using the `getState` method. A state object contains all of the information required to put the presentation back as it was when `getState` was first called. Sort of like a snapshot. It's a simple object that can easily be stringified and persisted or sent over the wire.

@abstr_code_section 

### Slide States

If you set `data-state="somestate"` on a slide `<section>`, "somestate" will be applied as a class on the document element when that slide is opened. This allows you to apply broad style changes to the page based on the active slide.

Furthermore you can also listen to these changes in state via JavaScript:

@abstr_code_section 

### Slide Backgrounds

Slides are contained within a limited portion of the screen by default to allow them to fit any display and scale uniformly. You can apply full page backgrounds outside of the slide area by adding a `data-background` attribute to your `<section>` elements. Four different types of backgrounds are supported: color, image, video and iframe.

##### Color Backgrounds

All CSS color formats are supported, like rgba() or hsl(). @abstr_code_section 

##### Image Backgrounds

By default, background images are resized to cover the full page. Available options:

| Attribute | Default | Description | | :--------------------------- | :--------- | :---------- | | data-background-image | | URL of the image to show. GIFs restart when the slide opens. | | data-background-size | cover | See @abstr_hyperlink on MDN. | | data-background-position | center | See @abstr_hyperlink on MDN. | | data-background-repeat | no-repeat | See @abstr_hyperlink on MDN. | @abstr_code_section 

##### Video Backgrounds

Automatically plays a full size video behind the slide.

| Attribute | Default | Description | | :--------------------------- | :------ | :---------- | | data-background-video | | A single video source, or a comma separated list of video sources. | | data-background-video-loop | false | Flags if the video should play repeatedly. | | data-background-video-muted | false | Flags if the audio should be muted. |

@abstr_code_section 

##### Iframe Backgrounds

Embeds a web page as a background. Note that since the iframe is in the background layer, behind your slides, it is not possible to interact with the embedded page. @abstr_code_section 

##### Background Transitions

Backgrounds transition using a fade animation by default. This can be changed to a linear sliding transition by passing `backgroundTransition: 'slide'` to the `Reveal.initialize()` call. Alternatively you can set `data-background-transition` on any section with a background to override that specific transition.

### Parallax Background

If you want to use a parallax scrolling background, set the first two config properties below when initializing reveal.js (the other two are optional).

@abstr_code_section 

Make sure that the background size is much bigger than screen size to allow for some scrolling. @abstr_hyperlink .

### Slide Transitions

The global presentation transition is set using the `transition` config value. You can override the global transition for a specific slide by using the `data-transition` attribute:

@abstr_code_section 

You can also use different in and out transitions for the same slide:

@abstr_code_section 

### Internal links

It's easy to link between slides. The first example below targets the index of another slide whereas the second targets a slide with an ID attribute (`<section id="some-slide">`):

@abstr_code_section 

You can also add relative navigation links, similar to the built in reveal.js controls, by appending one of the following classes on any element. Note that each element is automatically given an `enabled` class when it's a valid navigation route based on the current slide.

@abstr_code_section 

### Fragments

Fragments are used to highlight individual elements on a slide. Every element with the class `fragment` will be stepped through before moving on to the next slide. Here's an example: http://lab.hakim.se/reveal-js/#/fragments

The default fragment style is to start out invisible and fade in. This style can be changed by appending a different class to the fragment:

@abstr_code_section 

Multiple fragments can be applied to the same element sequentially by wrapping it, this will fade in the text on the first step and fade it back out on the second.

@abstr_code_section 

The display order of fragments can be controlled using the `data-fragment-index` attribute.

@abstr_code_section 

### Fragment events

When a slide fragment is either shown or hidden reveal.js will dispatch an event.

Some libraries, like MathJax (see # @abstr_number ), get confused by the initially hidden fragment elements. Often times this can be fixed by calling their update or render function from this callback.

@abstr_code_section 

### Code syntax highlighting

By default, Reveal is configured with @abstr_hyperlink for code syntax highlighting. Below is an example with clojure code that will be syntax highlighted. When the `data-trim` attribute is present, surrounding whitespace is automatically removed. HTML will be escaped by default. To avoid this, for example if you are using `<mark>` to call out a line of code, add the `data-noescape` attribute to the `<code>` element.

@abstr_code_section 

### Slide number

If you would like to display the page number of the current slide you can do so using the `slideNumber` configuration value.

@abstr_code_section 

### Overview mode

Press "Esc" or "o" keys to toggle the overview mode on and off. While you're in this mode, you can still navigate between slides, as if you were at @abstr_number , @abstr_number feet above your presentation. The overview mode comes with a few API hooks:

@abstr_code_section 

### Fullscreen mode

Just press »F« on your keyboard to show your presentation in fullscreen mode. Press the »ESC« key to exit fullscreen mode.

### Embedded media

Embedded HTML @abstr_number `<video>`/`<audio>` and YouTube iframes are automatically paused when you navigate away from a slide. This can be disabled by decorating your element with a `data-ignore` attribute.

Add `data-autoplay` to your media element if you want it to automatically start playing when the slide is shown:

@abstr_code_section 

Additionally the framework automatically pushes two @abstr_hyperlink to all iframes, `slide:start` when the slide containing the iframe is made visible and `slide:stop` when it is hidden.

### Stretching elements

Sometimes it's desirable to have an element, like an image or video, stretch to consume as much space as possible within a given slide. This can be done by adding the `.stretch` class to an element as seen below:

@abstr_code_section 

Limitations: \- Only direct descendants of a slide section can be stretched \- Only one descendant per slide section can be stretched

### postMessage API

The framework has a built-in postMessage API that can be used when communicating with a presentation inside of another window. Here's an example showing how you'd make a reveal.js instance in the given window proceed to slide @abstr_number :

@abstr_code_section 

When reveal.js runs inside of an iframe it can optionally bubble all of its events to the parent. Bubbled events are stringified JSON with three fields: namespace, eventName and state. Here's how you subscribe to them from the parent window:

@abstr_code_section 

This cross-window messaging can be toggled on or off using configuration flags.

@abstr_code_section 

## PDF Export

Presentations can be exported to PDF via a special print stylesheet. This feature requires that you use @abstr_hyperlink or @abstr_hyperlink . Here's an example of an exported presentation that's been uploaded to SlideShare: http://www.slideshare.net/hakimel/revealjs- @abstr_number .

@abstr_number . Open your presentation with `print-pdf` included anywhere in the query string. This triggers the default index HTML to load the PDF print stylesheet ( @abstr_hyperlink ). You can test this with @abstr_hyperlink . @abstr_number . Open the in-browser print dialog (CTRL/CMD+P). @abstr_number . Change the **Destination** setting to **Save as PDF**. @abstr_number . Change the **Layout** to **Landscape**. @abstr_number . Change the **Margins** to **None**. @abstr_number . Enable the **Background graphics** option. @abstr_number . Click **Save**.

@abstr_image 

Alternatively you can use the @abstr_hyperlink project.

## Theming

The framework comes with a few different themes included:

  * black: Black background, white text, blue links (default theme)
  * white: White background, black text, blue links
  * league: Gray background, white text, blue links (default theme for reveal.js < @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number )
  * beige: Beige background, dark text, brown links
  * sky: Blue background, thin dark text, blue links
  * night: Black background, thick white text, orange links
  * serif: Cappuccino background, gray text, brown links
  * simple: White background, black text, blue links
  * solarized: Cream-colored background, dark green text, blue links



Each theme is available as a separate stylesheet. To change theme you will need to replace **black** below with your desired theme name in index.html:

@abstr_code_section 

If you want to add a theme of your own see the instructions here: @abstr_hyperlink .

## Speaker Notes

reveal.js comes with a speaker notes plugin which can be used to present per-slide notes in a separate browser window. The notes window also gives you a preview of the next upcoming slide so it may be helpful even if you haven't written any notes. Press the 's' key on your keyboard to open the notes window.

Notes are defined by appending an `<aside>` element to a slide as seen below. You can add the `data-markdown` attribute to the aside element if you prefer writing notes using Markdown.

Alternatively you can add your notes in a `data-notes` attribute on the slide. Like `<section data-notes="Something important"></section>`.

When used locally, this feature requires that reveal.js runs from a local web server.

@abstr_code_section 

If you're using the external Markdown plugin, you can add notes with the help of a special delimiter:

@abstr_code_section 

#### Share and Print Speaker Notes

Notes are only visible to the speaker inside of the speaker view. If you wish to share your notes with others you can initialize reveal.js with the `showNotes` config value set to `true`. Notes will appear along the bottom of the presentations.

When `showNotes` is enabled notes are also included when you @abstr_hyperlink .

## Server Side Speaker Notes

In some cases it can be desirable to run notes on a separate device from the one you're presenting on. The Node.js-based notes plugin lets you do this using the same note definitions as its client side counterpart. Include the required scripts by adding the following dependencies:

@abstr_code_section 

Then:

@abstr_number . Install @abstr_hyperlink ( @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number or later) @abstr_number . Run `npm install` @abstr_number . Run `node plugin/notes-server`

## Multiplexing

The multiplex plugin allows your audience to view the slides of the presentation you are controlling on their own phone, tablet or laptop. As the master presentation navigates the slides, all client presentations will update in real time. See a demo at @abstr_hyperlink .

The multiplex plugin needs the following @abstr_number things to operate:

@abstr_number . Master presentation that has control @abstr_number . Client presentations that follow the master @abstr_number . Socket.io server to broadcast events from the master to the clients

More details:

#### Master presentation

Served from a static file server accessible (preferably) only to the presenter. This need only be on your (the presenter's) computer. (It's safer to run the master presentation from your own computer, so if the venue's Internet goes down it doesn't stop the show.) An example would be to execute the following commands in the directory of your master presentation:

@abstr_number . `npm install node-static` @abstr_number . `static`

If you want to use the speaker notes plugin with your master presentation then make sure you have the speaker notes plugin configured correctly along with the configuration shown below, then execute `node plugin/notes-server` in the directory of your master presentation. The configuration below will cause it to connect to the socket.io server as a master, as well as launch your speaker-notes/static-file server.

You can then access your master presentation at ```http://localhost: @abstr_number @abstr_code_section javascript Reveal.initialize({ // other options...
    
    
    multiplex: {
        // Example values. To generate your own, see the socket.io server instructions.
        secret: ' @abstr_number ', // Obtained from the socket.io server. Gives this (the master) control of the presentation
        id: ' @abstr_number ea @abstr_number b @abstr_number ca @abstr_number ', // Obtained from socket.io server
        url: 'https://reveal-js-multiplex-ccjbegmaii.now.sh' // Location of socket.io server
    },
    
    // Don't forget to add the dependencies
    dependencies: [
        { src: '//cdn.socket.io/socket.io- @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number .js', async: true },
        { src: 'plugin/multiplex/master.js', async: true },
    
        // and if you want speaker notes
        { src: 'plugin/notes-server/client.js', async: true }
    
        // other dependencies...
    ]
    

}); @abstr_code_section javascript Reveal.initialize({ // other options...
    
    
    multiplex: {
        // Example values. To generate your own, see the socket.io server instructions.
        secret: null, // null so the clients do not have control of the master presentation
        id: ' @abstr_number ea @abstr_number b @abstr_number ca @abstr_number ', // id, obtained from socket.io server
        url: 'https://reveal-js-multiplex-ccjbegmaii.now.sh' // Location of socket.io server
    },
    
    // Don't forget to add the dependencies
    dependencies: [
        { src: '//cdn.socket.io/socket.io- @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number .js', async: true },
        { src: 'plugin/multiplex/client.js', async: true }
    
        // other dependencies...
    ]
    

}); @abstr_code_section javascript Reveal.initialize({ // other options...
    
    
    multiplex: {
        // Example values. To generate your own, see the socket.io server instructions.
        secret: null, // null so the clients do not have control of the master presentation
        id: ' @abstr_number ea @abstr_number b @abstr_number ca @abstr_number ', // id, obtained from socket.io server
        url: 'example.com: @abstr_number ' // Location of your socket.io server
    },
    
    // Don't forget to add the dependencies
    dependencies: [
        { src: '//cdn.socket.io/socket.io- @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number .js', async: true },
        { src: 'plugin/multiplex/client.js', async: true }
    
        // other dependencies...
    ]
    

@abstr_code_section javascript Reveal.initialize({ // other options...
    
    
    multiplex: {
        // Example values. To generate your own, see the socket.io server instructions.
        secret: ' @abstr_number ', // Obtained from the socket.io server. Gives this (the master) control of the presentation
        id: ' @abstr_number ea @abstr_number b @abstr_number ca @abstr_number ', // Obtained from socket.io server
        url: 'example.com: @abstr_number ' // Location of your socket.io server
    },
    
    // Don't forget to add the dependencies
    dependencies: [
        { src: '//cdn.socket.io/socket.io- @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number .js', async: true },
        { src: 'plugin/multiplex/master.js', async: true },
        { src: 'plugin/multiplex/client.js', async: true }
    
        // other dependencies...
    ]
    

}); @abstr_code_section js Reveal.initialize({
    
    
    // other options ...
    
    math: {
        mathjax: 'https://cdn.mathjax.org/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js',
        config: 'TeX-AMS_HTML-full'  // See http://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/config-files.html
    },
    
    dependencies: [
        { src: 'plugin/math/math.js', async: true }
    ]
    

}); @abstr_code_section sh $ git clone https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js.git @abstr_code_section sh $ cd reveal.js @abstr_code_section sh $ npm install @abstr_code_section sh $ npm start ```

@abstr_number . Open 

You can change the port by using `npm start -- --port @abstr_number`.

### Folder Structure

  * **css/** Core styles without which the project does not function
  * **js/** Like above but for JavaScript
  * **plugin/** Components that have been developed as extensions to reveal.js
  * **lib/** All other third party assets (JavaScript, CSS, fonts)



## License

MIT licensed

Copyright (C) @abstr_number Hakim El Hattab, http://hakim.se
