@abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

# GitHub Changelog Generator @abstr_image 

  * Installation
  * Output example
  * Usage 
    * Params
    * GitHub token
  * Features and advantages of this project 
    * Alternatives
    * Projects using this library
  * Am I missing some essential feature?
  * Contributing
  * License



### Changelog generation has never been so easy

**Fully automated changelog generation** \- This gem generates a change log file based on **tags** , **issues** and merged **pull requests** (and splits them into separate lists according to labels) from :octocat: GitHub Issue Tracker.

Since now you don't have to fill your `CHANGELOG.md` manually: just run the script, relax and take a cup of :coffee: before your next release! :tada:

> ### _What’s the point of a change log?_
> 
> To make it easier for users and contributors to see precisely what notable changes have been made between each release (or version) of the project.
> 
> ### _Why should I care?_

Because software tools are for people. If you don’t care, why are you contributing to open source? Surely, there must be a kernel (ha!) of care somewhere in that lovely little brain of yours.

> :arrow_right: _@abstr_hyperlink_

## Installation
    
    
    gem install github_changelog_generator
    

See also Troubleshooting.

## Output example

  * Look at **@abstr_hyperlink** for this project
  * @abstr_hyperlink was generated by command:
    
        github_changelog_generator -u skywinder -p ActionSheetPicker- @abstr_number . @abstr_number
    

  * In general, it looks like this:




> ##  @abstr_hyperlink ( @abstr_number - @abstr_number - @abstr_number )
> 
> @abstr_hyperlink 
> 
> **Implemented enhancements:**
> 
>   * Use milestone to specify in which version bug was fixed @abstr_hyperlink 
> 

> 
> **Fixed bugs:**
> 
>   * Error when trying to generate log for repo without tags @abstr_hyperlink 
> 

> 
> **Merged pull requests:**
> 
>   * PrettyPrint class is included using lowercase 'pp' @abstr_hyperlink ( @abstr_hyperlink )
> 
>   * support enterprise github via command line options @abstr_hyperlink ( @abstr_hyperlink )
> 
> 


## Usage

**It's really simple!**

  * If your **`git remote`** `origin` refers to your GitHub repo, just go to your project folder and run:
    
        github_changelog_generator
    

  * Or, run this from anywhere:

    * `github_changelog_generator -u github_username -p github_project`
    * `github_changelog_generator github_username/github_project`
  * If you are running it against a repository on a Github Enterprise install, you must specify _both_ `--github-site` and `--github-api` command line options:
    
        github_changelog_generator --github-site="https://github.yoursite.com" \
                               --github-api="https://github.yoursite.com/api/v @abstr_number /"
    




This generates a changelog to the `CHANGELOG.md` file, with pretty markdown formatting.

### Params

Type `github_changelog_generator --help` for details.

For more details about params, read the Wiki page: @abstr_hyperlink 

### Params File

In your project root, you can put a params file named `.github_changelog_generator` to override default params:

Example: @abstr_code_section 

### GitHub token

GitHub only allows only @abstr_number unauthenticated requests per hour. Therefore, it's recommended to run this script with authentication by using a **token**.

Here's how:

  * @abstr_hyperlink - you only need "repo" scope for private repositories
  * Either: 
    * Run the script with `--token <your- @abstr_number -digit-token>`; **OR**
    * Set the `CHANGELOG_GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable to your @abstr_number digit token



You can set an environment variable by running the following command at the prompt, or by adding it to your shell profile (e.g., `~/.bash_profile` or `~/.zshrc`):
    
    
        export CHANGELOG_GITHUB_TOKEN="«your- @abstr_number -digit-github-token»"
    

So, if you got an error like this:

> ! /Library/Ruby/Gems/ @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number /gems/github_api- @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number /lib/github_api/response/raise_error.rb: @abstr_number :in `on_complete'

It's time to create this token! (Or, wait an hour for GitHub to reset your unauthenticated request limit.)

## Migrating from a manual changelog

Knowing how dedicated you are to your project, you probably haven't been waiting for `github-changelog-generator` to keep a changelog. But you probably don't want your project's open issues and PRs for all past features listed in your historic changelog, either.

That's where `--base <your-manual-changelog.md>` comes in handy! This option lets append your old manual changelog to the end of the generated entries.

If you have a `HISTORY.md` file in your project, it will automatically be picked as the static historical changelog and appended.

### Rake task

You love `rake`? We do, too! So, we've made it even easier for you: we've provided a `rake` task library for your changelog generation.

Just put something like this in your `Rakefile`:

@abstr_code_section 

All command line options can be passed to the `rake` task as `config` parameters. And since you're naming the `rake` task yourself, you can create as many as you want.

You can look for params names from the @abstr_hyperlink . For example, to translate the bugs label to Portuguese, instead of setting `config.bugs_label`, you have to set `config.bug_prefix`, and so on.

## Features and advantages of this project

  * Generate canonical, neat change log file, followed by @abstr_hyperlink :gem:
  * Optionally generate **Unreleased** changes (closed issues that have not released yet) :dizzy:
  * **GitHub Enterprise support** via command line options! :factory:
  * Flexible format **customization** : 
    * **Customize** issues that **should be added** to changelog :eight_spoked_asterisk:
    * **Custom date formats** supported (but keep @abstr_hyperlink in mind!) :date:
    * Manually specify the version that fixed an issue (for cases when the issue's Closed date doesn't match) by giving the issue's `milestone` the same name as the tag of version :pushpin:
    * Automatically **exclude specific issues** that are irrelevant to your changelog (by default, any issue labeled `question`, `duplicate`, `invalid`, or `wontfix`) :scissors:
  * **Distinguish** issues **by labels**. :mag_right:

    * Merged pull requests (all merged pull-requests) :twisted_rightwards_arrows:
    * Bug fixes (issues labeled `bug`) :beetle:
    * Enhancements (issues labeled `enhancement`) :star @abstr_number :
    * Issues (closed issues with no labels) :non-potable_water:
  * Manually include or exclude issues by labels :wrench:

  * Customize lots more! Tweak the changelog to fit your preferences :tophat: ( _See`github_changelog_generator --help` for details)_



### Alternatives

Here is a @abstr_hyperlink that I found. But none satisfied my requirements.

_If you know other projects, feel free to edit this Wiki page!_

### Projects using this library

Here's a @abstr_hyperlink .

If you've used this project in a live app, please let me know! Nothing makes me happier than seeing someone else take my work and go wild with it.

_If you are using`github_changelog_generator` to generate your project's changelog, or know of other projects using it, please [add it to this list] (https://github.com/skywinder/Github-Changelog-Generator/wiki/Projects-using-Github-Changelog-Generator)._

## Am I missing some essential feature?

  * **Nothing is impossible!**

  * Open an @abstr_hyperlink and let's make the generator better together!

  * _Bug reports, feature requests, patches, and well-wishes are always welcome._ :heavy_exclamation_mark:




## FAQ

  * **_I already use GitHub Releases. Why do I need this?_**



GitHub Releases is a very good thing. And it's very good practice to maintain it. (Not a lot of people are using it yet!) :congratulations:

_BTW: I would like to support GitHub Releases in @abstr_hyperlink ;)_

I'm not trying to compare the quality of handwritten and auto-generated logs. That said....

An auto-generated changelog really helps, even if you manually fill in the release notes!

For example:

When I found a closed bug, it's very useful know which release fixed it. In this case, you can easily find the issue by # in `CHANGELOG.md`.

  * it's not quite as easy to find this in handwritten releases notes
  * a generated file saves you the trouble of remembering everything; sometimes people forget to add things to a handwritten file



Ultimately, I think GitHub Releases is ideal for end-users. Meanwhile, `CHANGELOG.md` lives right in the repository, with its detailed list of changes, which is handy for developers. Finally, there's nothing wrong with using GitHub Releases alongside `CHANGELOG.md` in this combination.

  * **_I received a warning: "GitHub API rate limit exceed" What does this mean?_**



GitHub @abstr_hyperlink you can make in an hour. You can make up to @abstr_number , @abstr_number requests per hour. For unauthenticated requests, the rate limit is only up to @abstr_number requests per hour. Unauthenticated requests are associated with your IP address (not the user making requests).

If you're seeing this warning, please do the following:

@abstr_number . Make sure you're providing an OAuth token, so you're not making requests anonymously. Using an OAuth token increases your hourly request maximum from @abstr_number to @abstr_number . @abstr_number . If you have a large repo with lots of issues/PRs, you can use `--max-issues NUM` to limit the number of issues that are pulled back. For example: `--max-issues @abstr_number`

  * **_My Ruby version is very old, can I use this?_**



When your Ruby is old, and you don't want to upgrade, and you want to control which libraries you use, you can use Bundler.

In a Gemfile, perhaps in a non-deployed `:development` group, add this gem:

@abstr_code_section 

Then you can keep back dependencies like rack, which currently is only compatible with Ruby >= @abstr_number . @abstr_number . @abstr_number . So, use an older version for your app by adding a line like this to the Gemfile:

@abstr_code_section 

This way, you can keep on using github_changelog_generator, even if you can't get the latest version of Ruby installed.

## Contributing

@abstr_number . Create an issue and describe your idea @abstr_number . [Fork it] (https://github.com/skywinder/Github-Changelog-Generator/fork) @abstr_number . Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`) @abstr_number . Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`) @abstr_number . Publish the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`) @abstr_number . Create a new Pull Request @abstr_number . Profit! :white_check_mark:

_To test your workflow with changelog generator, you can use @abstr_hyperlink_

## License

Github Changelog Generator is released under the @abstr_hyperlink .
