# debugger.html

debugger.html is a hackable debugger for modern times, built from the ground up using @abstr_hyperlink and @abstr_hyperlink . It is designed to be approachable, yet powerful. And it is engineered to be predictable, understandable, and testable.

@abstr_hyperlink created this debugger for use in the @abstr_hyperlink Developer Tools. And we've purposely created this project in Github, using modern toolchains. We hope to not only to create a great debugger that works with the @abstr_hyperlink and @abstr_hyperlink but development community that can embed this debugger in your own projects with tools like @abstr_hyperlink .

@abstr_image 

@abstr_image @abstr_hyperlink @abstr_hyperlink 

## Getting Started

Here are instructions to get the debugger.html application installed and running.

  * `npm install` \- Install dependencies
  * `npm start` \- Start development web server
  * `open http://localhost: @abstr_number` \- Open in any modern browser



Now you have the debugger.html web app running, follow the instructions shown on that page to start up debug target like a web browser or node.js.

Please read Getting Started in our CONTRIBUTING document for more detailed instructions.

## Getting Involved

This is an open source project and we would love your help. We have prepared a CONTRIBUTING guide to help you get started, here are some quick links to common questions.

  * Reporting Bugs
  * Suggesting Enhancements
  * Your First Code Contribution
  * Pull Requests
  * Writing Code 
    * Hot Reloading
    * Tests 
      * Unit Tests
      * Integration Tests
      * Linting
      * Storybook



We use the @abstr_hyperlink label to indicate this work is open for anyone to take. If you already know what you're doing and want to dive in, take a look at those issues.

We strive for collaboration with mutual respect for each other. Mozilla also has a set of @abstr_hyperlink which goes into greater detail specific to Mozilla employees and contributors.

## Discussion

We're all on Mozilla's IRC in the #devtools-html channel on irc.mozilla.org.

## License

MPL @abstr_number 
